# 02.21.21
My game plan for this is to just write what I did and literaly any notes for things that I am working on!

- Created React Native Project and Repo
- Installed Xcode
- Brainstormed about how I want to start building this thing...
  - Was thinking of just starting with the Cycles List first and get that core logic in with some dummy data
  - I do plan on using the original Cycles logic as a starting point, but I think it's the following flow:
    - Spec out Cycle Data and create mock json files
    - Build a list that can display Cycle Data
    - Setup notification logic for when a new Cycle is added (also document this)

Some good reviews to get inspired with:

- "I don’t always receive notifications. It seems like if you pass on a checkpoint, it gives up on you…counterproductive to it’s goal. It would be nice if it was more customizable, ie: setting colors, moving tasks for priority. The interface is extremely boring and not inspiring. As much as I love black, a black background is not uplifting. Also, the ability to set times for reminders would be beneficial."

- "I love how easy it is to setup a habit. and the different color cycles is so cute with the dark theme, though I would have to say it would be great if you could sync it to your icloud, I had to uninstall and reinstall it and once I did that I had to rewrite all of my habits, good thing I had them written down.. also it would be great to have the option to carry out the habits not only daily but weekly.. I like the notifications that “you’re doing great with your habit” please keep that!! but yes I agree that it would be great if you can set how many notifications you get, or How often you get them, I must get like 10 notifications a day which can become too much, with all other notifications you get from all your other apps.. overall it’s a great app, but I won’t be keeping it if I can’t backup anything.. Thank You Alec For your response, I wish you the best of success with the app and upgrades. Jesus Loves You😄"

- "But I’d love to see an ongoing (Daily/weekly/monthly/yearly log) and the ability to add prior days’ progress. Sometimes I just forget to log."

- "This would be without a doubt my favorite streak tracking app IF it would add the option to track x times per week activities"

- "Just found this app and I’m looking forward to using it to build habits I’ve always struggled with. The thing is, the instructions for the app are really really minimal, and I’m still unsure how to decide how many checkpoints to select when creating a habit. Do checkpoints correlate with steps to task completion? Number of daily repetitions of said task? A longer tutorial that offers more examples of how to apply the app to habit building would be super appreciated. Also I can’t seem to find how to change the “what time do you start your day?” info that I completed initially."

- "One thing to improve would be settings for the notifications, such as frequency and time, and allow the ability to turn off the notification you get after completing a cycle"